hello and this one is a fruity detox
water it's infused with a lot of tasty
food
lemon lime GE
instruct yes we do I've never got a
chance to talk about the last detox what
would we think about it
really we thought it was pretty good you
know you something you develop a taste
for but as far as the benefits I am sold
so this is something that I will be
doing and drinking regularly and every
week we learn experience with different
so what we're gonna do we're gonna get
started first things first
no but I'll free me
come let me go put out fruit in and I
mean it's move our glasses I'm gonna be
doing this for a while we're gonna start
with the strawberries
huggy swipes these strawberries you know
you might be right you said just grab
with my hands let me try I'm all about
utensils
he's like grab it with your hand
so we have the strawberry Kiwi I'm
putting the line it's gonna put the Kiwi
influence and we add the fruit we of
course know that the fruit is infused
with nutrients is infused with fiber
it's infused with vitamins ok so and I'm
gonna put in the limits and play in
flavor it's gonna be our fruity detox
water all right so how do we edit the
front next thing natures this nice call
purified water
alright let this sit honey you want to
move that arm
I'm gonna let that sit for a while just
the way it is just kind of stir it
around a little bit
there we have it gonna let it sit are
usually we usually didn't sit for about
an hour before we actually drink it but
of course what you want to do is to sit
overnight and that way the fruit will
infuse with the water and you'll get the
most benefit so we'll be back guys okay
oh you can always see the colors change
ya have to be all here good it looks
like it's closed yeah you can definitely
see the color change
it's almost pink champagne
yeah would have been under the fire okay
so here we go good help help
yeah this is do it take a home fruit
taste the fruit the fruit really works
well together not overpower one it's a
good balance Wow so it'll be good to
have one that you can definitely this is
well thank you guys for sharing your
time with us and like I said as far it's
a detox ward real soul so in the Tri